# P2P Farmers

Welcome to your new `p2pfarmers` project.

## Why

Do you ever wish you could get a spefic food back home? Order your favorite food from anywhere in the world. Best farmers, best quality, happy meals.

## Problem

It's hard to for rural farmers to supply goods to other places in the world. Causing them not to take advantage of better streams of income.

## Solution

This is P2P Farmers, we hope to solve this by creating a transparent and trust-free solution where buyers can be connected with farmers through agents. Agents are there to inspect products to ensure buyers get what they paid for and help farmers with little to no tech experience utilize the ICP blockchain to enjoy a decentralized way of farming.

## Ideation and Flow

To learn more about `p2pfarmers`, see the following documentation available online:

- [Miro Board](https://miro.com/app/board/uXjVKhbgzd8=/?share_link_id=15952402974)

## Usage

If you want to start working on your project right away, you might want to try the following commands:

- Clone the project from github

```bash
git clone <git url here>
cd p2pfarmers/
dfx help
dfx canister --help
```

## Running the project locally

If you want to test your project locally, you can use the following commands:

```bash
# Starts the replica, running in the background
dfx start --background

# Deploys your canisters to the replica and generates your candid interface
dfx deploy
```

Once the job completes, your application will be available at `http://localhost:4943?canisterId={asset_canister_id}`.

If you have made changes to your backend canister, you can generate a new candid interface with

```bash
npm run generate
```

at any time. This is recommended before starting the frontend development server, and will be run automatically any time you run `dfx deploy`.

If you are making frontend changes, you can start a development server with

```bash
npm start
```

Which will start a server at `http://localhost:8080`, proxying API requests to the replica at port 4943.

### Note on frontend environment variables

If you are hosting frontend code somewhere without using DFX, you may need to make one of the following adjustments to ensure your project does not fetch the root key in production:

- set`DFX_NETWORK` to `ic` if you are using Webpack
- use your own preferred method to replace `process.env.DFX_NETWORK` in the autogenerated declarations
  - Setting `canisters -> {asset_canister_id} -> declarations -> env_override to a string` in `dfx.json` will replace `process.env.DFX_NETWORK` with the string in the autogenerated declarations
- Write your own `createActor` constructor
